I am Kusunoki Masashige born 1294 , Minato
gawa, Settsu province, current day Hyogo Prefecture).
I am one of the greatest military strategists
in Japanese history.
I also served as governor of the central Japanese
provinces of Settsu, Kawachi, and Izumi and
was a major figure in the central government.
In 1331, I joined the emperor Go-Daigo in
a revolt to wrest the power of government
from the shogunate, the hereditary military
dictatorship that had dominated Japan since
1192.
Although the numerically stronger shogunate
troops captured the emperor, I continued the
war using guerrilla tactics and later captured
of the fortress of Chihaya near Nara in central
Japan
This proved a major threat to the central
government.
The worried shogun then concentrated all his
forces against the rebel forces, to the detriment
of other parts of the country, where some
warriors joined the rebel forces.
In one of the most famous battles in Japanese
history, I successfully defended the fortress
of Chihaya against the vastly superior shogunal
forces.
In the year 1333, the shogun’s capital at
Kamakura was captured by Nitta Yoshisada,
thus ending the rule of the Hojo family, who
controlled the shogunate.
The real power in the countryside, however,
continued to be held by the great hereditary
lords, chiefly Ashikaga Takauji who openly
vied to gain the loyalty of the minor feudal
chieftains against Nitta Yoshisada.
In 1335, emperor Go-Daigo sided with Nitta
Yoshisada against Ashikaga Takauji.
As head of the imperial forces, I defeated
Takauji’s troops in January 1336 and forced
him to flee the capital.
A few months later, however, Takauji returned
at the head of a large combined army and navy.
I suggested that we temporarily retreat so
that we could fight Takauji’s forces at
a point where the terrain was more favorable.
The emperor insisted that I advance and meet
the much larger enemy forces before they occupied
the capital.
In the final battle at the Minato River, near
modern Kobe, I fought for many hours, but
my troops were finally overwhelmed, and I
committed suicide rather than face capture.
I fought to protect the values of loyalty,
unity, honesty and devotion, I am sure those
are still until today the ruling vines of
the Japanese society.